a big award on the law when his transfer
everything and weaknesses were nothing
coaches thoughts will play on Sunday if
he stays help Jason action I'm here with
Jason Hatcher from Trinity High School
in Louisville Kentucky and we're at the
Midwest ultimate 100 and Indianapolis
Indiana and he is a double award winner
first of all one big lineman combine
came came in at six one and a half 232
pounds 28 and a half in the vert 4 6 8
40 amazing for three shuttle 21 times
185 and a 92 in the broader he also
dominated in the one-on-ones earning him
the coveted overall MVP and the coaches
this is what they say about him and I
don't normally hear this but and
strengths everything he does everything
well weaknesses nothing and this is
coming from coach Quincy hips who played
at the University of Miami so he knows
big-time players when he sees them now
you guys had a tremendous year this past
year at a Trinity right your third and
how many championships what you were
saying what nine in the last 11 years
yeah what do you guys have to do to
continue that just never undermine the
opponents and just take it one day at a
time we continue to work on okay now
you're being heavily recruited already
even though your 2013 prospect tell us
the schools that have actually at least
either either in writing or verbally
that have offered your scholarship just
rattle off a few of them Oklahoma
Tennessee since
you avail UK Arkansas Illinois's north
western Texas am Oklahoma South Carolina
and Clemson who would you like to hear
from I know there's a lot of got a lot
of offers but who haven't you heard from
that you'd like to hear from Oregon
Oregon if you like the feathers on the
uniform hey Jason a tremendous day and i
truly look forward to seeing you down in
Norman Oklahoma congratulations site